hey the paper says the couch potato
Awards added a new category this year
Best Original fairy tale I can't find it
what page are you on
Duffy grab a paper and pen ready when
you are Cass boy that was fast all right
I want you to come up with a list of
clever names for an original fairy tale
let's hear them hmm Goldilocks and the
Chicago Bears
now a little too sporty smell white and
a-seven politically correct Little
People now that's too controversial
Cinderella
tabloid reporter I love it I have a
bootleg copy of Cinderella we could put
a spin on like this Cinderella tabloid
reporter once upon a time a reporter
named Cinderella was interviewing Tom
Selleck yet he wasn't very nice he gave
her the bird so what's the scoop Tom
when are you gonna be on friends again
huh don't hold your breath they want me
to dance in a fountain with Matthew
Perry Cinderella was desperate for some
juicy gossip so he moved in with a Spice
Girls but the spice rule were free that
Cinderella would give them more bad
press they may live in a basement cut
the cheese and one day a letter arrived
good thing she can read oh thank you mr.
McMahon duppy good voice but the wrong
line sorry cash I'll try again
oh wait he wants someone who hasn't had
a face left I'm out it also says he
wants a woman with talents can either of
you do anything come to ladies sing this
song dooda dooda maybe you should just
try doing shadow puppets on the wall
anyway we're all going to the ball
except for you why you have to stay here
and give our Tamagotchi a sponge bath
you know I want to so upset you ran the
Boston Marathon I'd love to get an
interview with a princess
I'm your fairy godmother but you can
call me aunt Sadie I'm here to help
in my own hidden video do I look like
Bob Saget let's go to the ball and get
that interview on my hay fever
oh my darling first of all we have to
that sound effect there Duffy but a
little less it a little more whisk
Wow polyester that was my mother's name
glass slippers perfect for running after
Madonna I need you to clean dishwasher
safe how can I ever thank you well 50
bucks wouldn't write NAT just remember
this warning you must be back by
midnight cause that's when my 12-hour
sinus medicine wears off swing your
partner do-si-do she's got big feet
don't step on her toe can I get an
interview your highness call me Dwayne
dance
come on Hannity she's amazing
we're dancing in one spot in the whole
room is moving behind us you know
suddenly the clock struck two minutes to
midnight according to my briefcase you
got two minutes to make kissy face with
the prince there Cindy find a fit to
speak you have anything in a pump I take
a size 12 extra wide I'll see if there's
something in the back that's every girl
in the kingdom wait she hasn't tried it
on so Cinderella tried on slipper and it
fit like a glove later she tried on a
glove it get like a slipper
oh I do nice work Oh what I'm available
for weddings and bar mitzvahs so they
were married he became a rock star and
changed his name
she got exclusive interviews with the
entire royal family especially the royal
formerly known as Prince the end Duffy
where are you
we're not done working yet we have to
come up with something for Best
commercial babe what I was in the shower
shaving and washing my hair the shampoo
stinks my eyes are burning but it
eliminates the split ends on my back you
did it again there Duffy you're a genius
willed to a shampoo commercial Rollem
I'm having a really bad hair day for
thousands of centuries men across the
universe have searched the world over
for an answer to hair problems I'm sick
of having beautiful hair every morning
it takes me two hours of hot rollers and
curling irons just to get it to look
like this and I'm tired of shampooing
rinse and repeat who were the most
handsome men in the world
and certainly not these guys it's
showing Connery Michael Jordan and Danny
DeVito what do they all have in common
fabulously bald now in warp speed you
too can be
it's the amazing bald eagle shampoo
German scientists from all over Japan
created this product then went bowling
simply immerse yourself into the formula
sit under a blazing hot hairdryer for
three weeks washing due to the large
potassium content in bald eagle shampoo
avoiding bananas while remaining under
the intense heat then simply pull off
the invigorating facial mask to reveal
the dream of a lifetime
curiously bald head hi handsome old
Eagle shampoo call now operators are
standing around you dressed real nice
cash sharp Lincoln hat mm-hmm say what
time to our blind dates get here I'm
starting to get a little nervous surely
there's still one more category best
game show
hurry up don't be too anxious you got to
play hard to get with the ladies
hey cash how do I look I can't see a
thing I knew I shouldn't borrow this hat
from Shaquille O'Neal come in girls
not me tell me what they look like
something about them looks very familiar